README.md, before:

# Usability enhancement for Kafka Streams testing - kafka-streams-test-topics

Kafka version 2.4.0 introduced TestInputTopic and TestOutputTopic classes with [KIP-470](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/KAFKA/KIP-470%3A+TopologyTestDriver+test+input+and+output+usability+improvements) 
to simplify the usage of the TopologyTestDriver interface. 
TestInputTopic class wraps TopologyTestDriver  and ConsumerRecordFactory methods as one class to be used to write to Input Topics 
and TestOutputTopic class collects TopologyTestDriver reading methods and provide typesafe read methods.


This project is class level compatible package for these classes, only different package name.
The kafka-streams-test-topics project has kafka-streams-test-utils as a compile time dependency only and
you need to include that as your own dependency to your project.
This way even the project is compiled using Kafka 2.3.0. You can use this also with any version of Kafka 2.0.0 and later.


# Documentation        

The instruction of different test scenarions can be found from [README](examples/README.md) of [examples](examples/) application forder.     

See also [JavaDoc](https://jukkakarvanen.github.io/kafka-streams-test-topics/)

## Maven repository info
https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.github.jukkakarvanen/kafka-streams-test-topics        

## Dependency in pom.xml


        <dependency>
            <groupId>org.apache.kafka</groupId>
            <artifactId>kafka-streams</artifactId>
            <version>${kafka.version}</version>
        </dependency>

        <!-- Test dependencies -->
        <dependency>
            <groupId>com.github.jukkakarvanen</groupId>
            <artifactId>kafka-streams-test-topics</artifactId>
            <version>1.0.0</version>
            <scope>test</scope>
        </dependency>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>org.apache.kafka</groupId>
            <artifactId>kafka-streams-test-utils</artifactId>
            <version>${kafka.version}</version>
            <scope>test</scope>
        </dependency>
        

## Simple Stream Test Examples
* [SimpleTopicTest.java](src/test/java/com/github/jukkakarvanen/kafka/streams/test/SimpleTopicTest.java)
* [SimpleStreamAppTest.java](examples/src/test/java/com/github/jukkakarvanen/kafka/streams/example/SimpleStreamAppTest.java)

## Sample use of different methods
* [TestInputTopicTest.java](src/test/java/com/github/jukkakarvanen/kafka/streams/test/TestInputTopicTest.java)
* [TestOutputTopicTest.java](src/test/java/com/github/jukkakarvanen/kafka/streams/test/TestOutputTopicTest.java)


## Example how to simplify code 
[New versions](https://github.com/jukkakarvanen/kafka-streams-examples/blob/InputOutputTopic/src/test/java/io/confluent/examples/streams/WordCountLambdaExampleTest.java)
based on Confluent example and
[difference with original](https://github.com/jukkakarvanen/kafka-streams-examples/compare/5.2.1-post...jukkakarvanen:InputOutputTopic).
.
## License
This project is licensed under [Apache License Version 2.0](LICENSE).
This might contain snippets of code from original Apache Kafka project, copyright the original author or authors.

Commit message:

Tutorial moved to separate repostiory

README.md, after:

# Usability enhancement for Kafka Streams testing - kafka-streams-test-topics

Kafka version 2.4.0 introduced TestInputTopic and TestOutputTopic classes with [KIP-470](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/KAFKA/KIP-470%3A+TopologyTestDriver+test+input+and+output+usability+improvements) 
to simplify the usage of the TopologyTestDriver interface. 
TestInputTopic class wraps TopologyTestDriver  and ConsumerRecordFactory methods as one class to be used to write to Input Topics 
and TestOutputTopic class collects TopologyTestDriver reading methods and provide typesafe read methods.


This project is class level compatible package for these classes, only different package name.
The kafka-streams-test-topics project has kafka-streams-test-utils as a compile time dependency only and
you need to include that as your own dependency to your project.
This way even the project is compiled using Kafka 2.3.0. You can use this also with any version of Kafka 2.0.0 and later.


# Documentation        

The tutorial and the instruction of different test scenarions can be found from
https://github.com/jukkakarvanen/kafka-streams-test-tutorial
The tutorial is compatible with this packages and [examples](examples/) application forder.     

See also [JavaDoc](https://jukkakarvanen.github.io/kafka-streams-test-topics/)

## Maven repository info

* https://search.maven.org/artifact/com.github.jukkakarvanen/kafka-streams-test-topics/1.0.0/jar
* https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.github.jukkakarvanen/kafka-streams-test-topics        

## Dependency in pom.xml


        <dependency>
            <groupId>org.apache.kafka</groupId>
            <artifactId>kafka-streams</artifactId>
            <version>${kafka.version}</version>
        </dependency>

        <!-- Test dependencies -->
        <dependency>
            <groupId>com.github.jukkakarvanen</groupId>
            <artifactId>kafka-streams-test-topics</artifactId>
            <version>1.0.0</version>
            <scope>test</scope>
        </dependency>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>org.apache.kafka</groupId>
            <artifactId>kafka-streams-test-utils</artifactId>
            <version>${kafka.version}</version>
            <scope>test</scope>
        </dependency>
        

## Simple Stream Test Examples
* [SimpleTopicTest.java](src/test/java/com/github/jukkakarvanen/kafka/streams/test/SimpleTopicTest.java)
* [SimpleStreamAppTest.java](examples/src/test/java/com/github/jukkakarvanen/kafka/streams/example/SimpleStreamAppTest.java)

## Sample use of different methods
* [TestInputTopicTest.java](src/test/java/com/github/jukkakarvanen/kafka/streams/test/TestInputTopicTest.java)
* [TestOutputTopicTest.java](src/test/java/com/github/jukkakarvanen/kafka/streams/test/TestOutputTopicTest.java)


## Example how to simplify code 
[New versions](https://github.com/jukkakarvanen/kafka-streams-examples/blob/InputOutputTopic/src/test/java/io/confluent/examples/streams/WordCountLambdaExampleTest.java)
based on Confluent example and
[difference with original](https://github.com/jukkakarvanen/kafka-streams-examples/compare/5.2.1-post...jukkakarvanen:InputOutputTopic).
.
## License
This project is licensed under [Apache License Version 2.0](LICENSE).
This might contain snippets of code from original Apache Kafka project, copyright the original author or authors.
